# gp_redox_rxn
Repository for doi.org:, 




## Data

All data is containted in the data folder, the description of each file is:

* **KEGG_compounds.csv** contains information on the 12k natural metabolites from the KEGG database, used as seed compounds in the redox network expansion algorithm.
* **redox_mols.csv** contains the 76k compounds generated by the redox network expansion algorithm. In particular we introduce a label e.g. 'Z0052' to later reference for calculations. Also includes protonation state information such as pKAs, SMILES@ph7, major micro species at pH7 and charges.
*  **redox_pm7.csv** contains electronic energies in HA for all 76k molecules, with and without solvation.
* **model_chemistries** is a folder with 14 csv files, each containing information of calculated electronic energies for our model selection and GP-training. In most cases, the model chemistry consists of a pair of theory for energy and geometry, e.g 'HF3c_uff.csv' is HF3-c calculations on a UFF-optimized geometry. Additionally statistics can be found when available. Some model chemistry contain around ~750 entries while others ~150, based on their potential for being a good model.
* **redox_GCM.csv** has standard redox potentials calculated with group contribution method for a training set of 85 biochemical redox reactions.
* **redox_experimental.csv** contains experimental standard redox potentials for a set of 125 biochemical reactions compiled from the [NIST database](https://randr.nist.gov/enzyme/). For sake of completeness it also contains other reaction categories (1 & 4).
* **redox_GP_rxn.csv** contains predictions for 315k redox reactions. We have the standard redox potential (ORP) using PM7 and calibrated with linear and GP regression.

## 
